firmware docs overhaul (#3670)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/operations/firmware-updates/dpu-firmware.md

> # DPU firmware upgrades

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DPU Firmware Upgrades
```

  requirement or has no reported BMC version, NICo uses network installation.
- DPF-managed provisioning takes precedence and does not use this classic
  secure-boot decision.

This setting chooses how NICo applies the BFB. It does not enable automatic DPU
selection and does not choose the BFB or component target versions.

For the classic path, version verification uses exact string equality. NICo
checks BMC, ERoT/CEC, and NIC in that order. It waits when an inventory entry
is missing, has no version, or reports a different version. DPU UEFI is not in
this verification loop.

For DPF-managed DPUs, Machine Update Manager asks DPF for devices whose
installed BFB or DPU flavor differs from the active `DPUDeployment`. DPF drift
can therefore trigger the same host-level scheduling flow without consulting
the classic NIC accepted-version list. DPF owns reprovisioning, and NICo skips
the classic Redfish component comparison afterward.

## Assigned hosts and operator requests

An assigned host is not eligible for automatic DPU NIC selection. Its drift
contributes to the unavailable count until the host returns to top-level
`Ready`.

An operator can [request DPU reprovisioning

> explicitly](https://docs.nvidia.com/infra-controller/rest-api-reference/api-reference/dpu-reprovision/reprovision-machine-dpu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An operator can
[request DPU reprovisioning explicitly](api:PATCH/v2/org/:org/nico/machine/:machineId/dpu/reprovision).
```
